Add leaf syntax highlighting lib link (#858)
vapor/docs: docs/leaf/getting-started.md

Hello, #(name)!
```

!!! tip

>     If you're using VSCode as your code editor, we recommend installing _the_ syntax highlighting extension for Leaf: [Leaf HTML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Francisco.html-leaf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using VSCode as your code editor, we recommend installing the Leaf extension to enable syntax highlighting: [Leaf HTML](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Francisco.html-leaf).
```
